CNN's Covid "Expert" Just Got EXPOSED for Being a Complete HACK.
While on my way today to cover the Ambassador Bridge trucker protest, I stopped at a truck stop in Woodstock Ontario, where I met Ted McNeill. He had to take a five hour detour to get his truckload of food into Canada. He shared this message to those protesting COVID-19 mandates.
Probably nothing 'Early version of Covid-19' is discovered in Chinese lab, fuelling fears that scientists were studying the virus prior to outbreak
Conservatives to force vote calling for feds to present plan to end COVID-19 mandates
COVID-19 was circulating in the United States by December 2019. I'm fairly certain I had it the first week of January 2020. I wasn't patient zero. Acknowledging this fact is helpful for understanding how absolutely ridiculous the government response was in March of 2020.
COVID Update: Denmark has effectively declared COVID over. There are merits and flaws to their thinking. There's also the simple matter of how the US is just not Denmark.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT New Zealand police arrested more than 50 people and began forcefully removing hundreds of protesters camped outside its parliament building for the last three days to protest COVID-19 vaccine mandates
#KimJongKook Tests Positive For COVID-19
Prince Charles tests positive for Covid-19 and is self-isolating, Clarence House says
If you're tired of people saying they're 'done with Covid', that they want to 'move on' from the pandemic, get 'back to normal'... even as 3,000 people die on a daily basis & while ignoring Long Covid, this angry monologue from me tonight... is for you:
There is no possible reason to end the legal requirement to isolate if you test positive for Covid. Coronavirus has not stopped being a highly contagious deadly disease. Clinically vulnerable people have not stopped existing. A politically motivated punt that will cost lives.
I understand the political benefits of declaring the pandemic over - but I want to hear from Whitty, Vallance or Van Tam urgently, in person, on television, explaining how on earth this is following the medicine/science. Isn't the public owed that?
THREAD: If you had something awful happen to you as a result of COVID restrictions, reply below. Gonna read these on my radio show tonight. Go:
Covid deaths in the quadruple-vaccinated Israel just broke all previous records from past two years. Seriously, what's happening here?
Child suicides didn't get them to lift COVID restrictions. Bad poll numbers did. The people who run this country are monsters.
Over 70% of Americans who died with COVID, died on Medicare, and some people want #MedicareForAll ?
REMINDER: All the COVID restrictions can disappear tomorrow. But the people who brought back segregation over a virus and denied lifesaving medical treatments are still here. Never forget who the monsters are.
Are we all thinking the same thing? It feels like some of UK decision-making around COVID-19 is being driven by parties. Even Denmark, which has largely released restrictions bc of high vaccine uptake, still requires people to isolate if positive so they don't infect others.
We don't get to arbitrarily decide when #Covid19 is over. It's over someday only through our personal actions & policies to protect our community. P.s. 3000+ Americans died of COVID yesterday. 
Midterms are 9 months away. COVID Mania is now deeply unpopular and politicians are trying to pretend they didn't steal two years of your lives. Don't give these criminals an inch. All they care about is staying in power.
Moment of silence for 33 y.o. Dr. Li Wenliang, Ophthalmologist at Wuhan Central Hospital in China. On February 7, 2020 he died from COVID after warning the world of a mysterious pneumonia in late December 2019. #SoulsLostToCovid
this is still the most powerful covid tweet
Pfizer made $37 billion off its Covid vaccine last year, more than the GDP of 120 countries. Moderna founders made Forbes' list of richest people. Yet only 10% of people in low-income countries have been vaccinated. And Covax—the global dose-sharing initiative—is out of money.
If we are investigating people who lied about COVID when is Fauci getting raided
Pfizer reported $36,800,000,000 in COVID vaccine sales in 2021. Just Pfizer. It is now their top selling product — and the top selling pharmaceutical product EVER in a year. And you think they're just going to declare COVID over some day?
Dropping isolation makes work & socialising riskier & boosters are waning, covid keeps evolving & it's harder to know about local case levels. Basically govt plans that we will all get covid several times - like a cold but with a much more dangerous disease. Not science based
Don't you dare bring up AIDS in your COVID comments, @jkenney, and pretend you're some sort of human rights defender. We know your record on that. You fought to keep gay people from visiting their dying partners in hospital. Stop.
The PM's plan to end all Covid restrictions a month early is the right thing to do & is extremely welcome. I hope the government will also make clear we will not go down the road of coercive lockdowns ever again.
You're a damned joke. Democrats have literally nothing to do with the drop in covid cases, and vaccines were widely available because of the development and distribution plan developed prior to Biden becoming president. The rational among us have been back to normal for a YEAR.
Fauci got the memo. The Biden regime saw how bad COVID Mania is polling. It's over. Now they enter the full blown coverup and gaslighting stage. They will demand we treat them as saviors instead of the human rights criminals that they really are.
A new study found that Covid vaccination in pregnancy generates anti-spike antibodies that can protect the baby from Covid.
A study in Nature into heart problems after Covid finds they are much worse in the vaccinated – but this important finding is hidden in the appendix.
Has anyone explained why someone who sits and drives a truck by themselves all day is a COVID superspreader that needs a mandatory vaccine. Can we see any, yknow, science?
most polls show republicans and independent voters are aligned. democrats are the cult and they know it thats why all of a sudden they are bailing on covid requirements
Thank god almost no one in media is covering the undercount COVID-19 death toll, as we're at 1.5 million Americans dead in 23 months and if that were widely known along with the fact that 3000 died just yesterday those “getting back to normal" thinkpieces would be harder to write
BREAKING REPORT: Freedom Convoy Organizers DOUBLE DOWN on Demands for a “PERMANENT" END to ALL Covid Mandates, Have Vowed to Stay Until It Happens –
COVID has revealed so much corruption in our federal health agencies, in medical journals and medical establishments. The truth is getting out. Will Dr. Fauci and the rest of the COVID gods admit they're wrong? Unlikely.
Let's be clear: there is no evidence that wearing cloth masks in schools reduces the spread of COVID. But there is ample evidence that it is harmful: to early readers, to young learners, to deaf and hard of hearing students, and many others.
Thank you @AymanMSNBC @AliciaMenendez @DrJasonJohnson for helming @DeadlineWH - I miss everyone during this huge news week but you are in exceedingly skillful hands. I tested positive for covid - hoping to make a home studio appearance later this week. Stay safe and see you soon.
White House suddenly schedules  a press briefing by the White House COVID-19 Response Team for today
From Rishi Sunak writing off £4.3bn in Covid fraud, Lord Agnew resigning in protest, and Kwasi Kwarteng saying fraud is a crime that doesn't affect people's day to day lives, you may think you've heard it all recently. But you might not have heard of Ziad Akle. If so, read on 1/9
This is Howard Stern. He is a COVID fascist. He is an N-word using racist.
This morning The Prince of Wales has tested positive for COVID-19 and is now self-isolating. HRH is deeply disappointed not to be able to attend today's events in Winchester and will look to reschedule his visit as soon as possible.
Because Covid severely impacted the elderly and the elderly are on Medicare. If you paid someone to come up with this tweet fire them. If you came up with this tweet you should hang your head in shame.
These waiting times are not a Covid backlog. They are a Conservative backlog. Waiting times were rising prior to the pandemic. It's the Tory 80s/90s all over again. Waiting times were practically abolished by the last @UKLabour Government when we last saved our #NHS.
You know Covid is taking a toll when it even makes Canadians behave badly
Back in the days of polio, a “vaccine mandate" was an irrelevant thing barely on the radar of the average citizen, because people were overwhelmingly eager to be inoculated. Covid deaths per year vastly outnumber polio deaths in the 1950s. Why the fight?
"However, COVID the firm plan of Allah that strikes down in the blink of an eye is not only dedicated to Prince Mohamed Bin Salman" Imam Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani 09-02-2022 13 #NoFlee_COVID_Of_DeathArrived IMf0TV
Um… I'll take a shot. COVID was weaponized to put in a dementia riddled idiot as POTUS and since then we've had Afghanistan, Russian pipelines, no change in COVID as promised, supply chain issues, insane inflation and more to come as we are only 1/4 way in. You're welcome!
People said that when I said BGI - a genomics company based in China with a lab in Canada - was collecting DNA worldwide using COVID tests for use by the People's Liberation Army to advance bio-weaponry and suppress minorities. It sounded outrageous. Guess how that turned out?
When @PremierScottMoe speaks about @SKGov consultation about this COVID policy he claims they have consulted with all organizations. That is simply not true
The nursing home I was fired from, for declining the jab, is currently going through a huge outbreak. Several residents & staff have tested positive & they are majorly understaffed. I STILL HAVEN'T gotten covid.
Everyone suffers from Covid fatigue; but that doesn't change the fact that we still have over 2K Americans dying from Covid daily! Too many Americans (especially children) are not vaccinated! My mask stays on!!!
I believe the Canadian trucker strike is not about Covid at all.  It's a US Republican funded plan to further disrupt our supply chain so we will blame it on Biden.  That's my firm opinion.
The denial of natural immunity after Covid disease is the worst unscientific folly in the past 75 years. How will universities and hospitals recover public trust after that?
If my children are expected to sit in a class with kids who have COVID by the end of this month then I take it schools are also happy to remove the 48hrs at home rule for kids who've had diarrhoea or vomiting? & must be ok for me to send the kids in with chicken pox then?
The Government spin the easing of restrictions as a success - “we have defeated Covid". In fact, it is an admission of defeat, an act of submission. Covid has utterly defeated This Government! 
Tim Spector, epidemiologist and head of ZOE app, tells @TimesRadio that Covid levels are currently 200,000 a day, and going up in some areas. It is “irresponsible" of the PM to announce the end of all restrictions with no context.
**MADEIRA Covid Travel Update ** From #Madeira 14/2 #Madeira welcomes all UK travellers regardless of vaccination status and no testing to enter. Just entry form. Some restrictions do apply on the island for access to venues etc and mask wearing. Well done Madeira 
My daughter's friend is in hospital having her first baby. Both parents are double vaxxed. She took a Covid test 2 wks ago which was negative but was informed she could still have Covid after 90 days. They're unable to see their child for 9 days after she gives birth. WHY?!
I don't want to ‘live with COVID' when so many people are dying of it.
Can someone please explain how things are going to get better with tens of thousands of COVID infected people roaming across society? Do we just not care about the vulnerable, the elderly or yet to be vaccinated? Johnson is playing politics with our lives. Desperate & despicable.
Jon Cooper said Nikita Kucherov will return to the lineup tonight at Colorado. Had missed the previous 3 games while in COVID protocol. #Bolts #TBLvsCOL
Abolishing all COVID public health measures is a political move from Boris Johnson.
A new study found that Covid vaccination in pregnancy generates anti-spike antibodies that can protect the baby from Covid.
The government's heavy-handed response to COVID has been illuminating. I've learned how fleeting freedom is and that the majority of our leaders are tyrants. My deep distrust in gov't has grown. What have you learned from the past two years? How has it changed your worldview?
I see the same arguments of March 2020 that promote mass infection to speed up population immunity & it's quite astonishing given what we know about covid reinfections. So scientifically it's senseless but also ethically. It conflicts with the core of my public health discipline.
I just cannot get my head around why you'd vaccinate your 5-11 year old for Covid? No medium or long term data to fall back on, an almost statistically zero chance of Covid and especially Omicron making them seriously ill. Surely it's not to just go on holidays? Surely?
Are we all thinking the same thing? It feels like some of UK decision-making around COVID-19 is being driven by parties. Even Denmark, which has largely released restrictions bc of high vaccine uptake, still requires people to isolate if positive so they don't infect others.
The PM's plan to end all Covid restrictions a month early is the right thing to do & is extremely welcome. I hope the government will also make clear we will not go down the road of coercive lockdowns ever again.
Thomas Massie falsely suggested that Medicare kills Covid patients. Louie Gohmert said we could solve climate change by changing the moon's orbit. Greene blamed wildfires on Jewish space lasers. Gaetz says we're all better off contracting Covid. The GOP is the party of stupidity
If we are investigating people who lied about COVID when is Fauci getting raided
Thank god almost no one in media is covering the undercount COVID-19 death toll, as we're at 1.5 million Americans dead in 23 months and if that were widely known along with the fact that 3000 died just yesterday those “getting back to normal" thinkpieces would be harder to write
most polls show republicans and independent voters are aligned. democrats are the cult and they know it thats why all of a sudden they are bailing on covid requirements
Most of the BJP supporters used whatever personal funds they had to help people during Covid, the liberals saw an opportunity to scam people by raising funds. This is the difference between us and them.
Midterms are 9 months away. COVID Mania is now deeply unpopular and politicians are trying to pretend they didn't steal two years of your lives. Don't give these criminals an inch. All they care about is staying in power.
THREAD: Since @POTUS announced his commitment to buy 1 billion COVID-19 rapid-tests and deliver them to anyone who wants one, we've designed our distribution program with equity at the center.
Chris Whitty said he fully supports my relaxation of Covid rules. At least that's how I'm interpreting the muffled noises he made from behind his gag as he sat tied to a chair in my cellar.
BREAKING REPORT: Freedom Convoy Organizers DOUBLE DOWN on Demands for a “PERMANENT" END to ALL Covid Mandates, Have Vowed to Stay Until It Happens –
I hold no torch for Major or May but cannot for one moment imagine either of them deliberately flouting their own rules in the way that Johnson has done over Covid. For all their many flaws both did at least seek to serve the country. Johnson exists to serve nobody but himself.
NEW - British Columbia is moving ahead with mandatory COVID-19 vaccine for ALL health care professionals in B.C. This includes dentists and chiropractors. #bcpoli
Dems' COVID relief bill prioritizes crack pipes over cheap, generic, widely available, FDA approved drugs for early treatment of COVID-19. What science supports this?
COVID season peaked the past 2 years in late Jan. With or without mRNA, with or without lockdowns, masks, etc, we saw the same results. Nowhere in the country did all of the restrictions prove to have any benefit whatsoever. The people in charge did nothing but contribute harm.
"As a result, Allah has Stricken him down with His firm plan, COVID, in no time shortly before he travels to Beijing." Imam Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani 09-02-2022
Looking to talk to people who've experienced medical gaslighting, not related to Covid (though I know that happens too!). E.g. did a doctor dismiss your symptoms or tell you they were "all in your head" and later you got a "real" diagnosis? For a story. Please RT. DMs open!
The COVID of No Escape From Death has Arrived .. Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani
Guys, its 2022. If you have fever/flu symptoms normalize doing covid test first. Protect yourself and others.
Not having had covid yet is starting to feel like a new type of virginity
Covid will go down as the biggest hoax that's ever been perpetuated on mankind 100%
We went from everything is a symptom of Covid to everything causes heart attacks pretty fast, didn't we?!
Jared Kushner was ready to let tens of thousands of people in Blue states die from covid because politics. Keep his name in your "f*ck you" prayers.
Yes, COVID is on par with Flu in terms of risk to kids, but more to the point, the amount of restrictions we placed on children is in no way whatsoever commensurate with their risk of COVID.  We restructured their entire lives, and deprived them of a year of education.  Horrible
I recently spoke to a dear friend. She works in west Texas schools. Teachers are given THREE days to recover from Covid & return to work. If they're out any longer, they face termination. And we wonder why teachers are quitting.
No we don't need to test for HIV the same we do with Covid, Prince Harry. What nonsense 
I hold no torch for Major or May but cannot for one moment imagine either of them deliberately flouting their own rules in the way that Johnson has done over Covid. For all their many flaws both did at least seek to serve the country. Johnson exists to serve nobody but himself.
I agree with lifting covid restrictions in UK, apart from the requirement to isolate for 5 days if positive. How is it sensible to let infected people go out and infect lots of other people, including vulnerable elderly or   those with co-morbidities? Seems too soon to do that.
A few months ago when I asked my boss if I could keep working from home because of Covid, he essentially told me that it's his business and he didn't hire me to work from home and to find a new job if that's something I wanted to do. Well, he just lost his last non-admin employee
Thank god almost no one in media is covering the undercount COVID-19 death toll, as we're at 1.5 million Americans dead in 23 months and if that were widely known along with the fact that 3000 died just yesterday those “getting back to normal" thinkpieces would be harder to write
Is there anyone you know that has the vaxx and has gotten covid?
Legal documents reveal Ministers knew Covid passes “might" have “small, and probably unmeasurable" impact at best on Covid cases. WHO KNEW?.. Many of us and the data from around the world indicated that. Cc @afneil
Honest question: what qualifications do the #TruckersConvoy have to dictate anything on #Covid_19?  And deserve this level of coddling and accommodations?
It's absolutely ridiculous that the Covid emergency powers and vaccine passports are continuing in Scotland. The SNP government want freedom for Scotland but seemingly aren't actually willing to give Scots their freedoms right now.
Ghana card,Covid vaccination and sim registration…I've done none!!!
The Omicron flood is receding rapidly in the US, but most places still have high rates of Covid. We'll likely be in a safer place in weeks. But if we let our guard down too soon, we risk prolonging the tail.
Midterms are 9 months away. COVID Mania is now deeply unpopular and politicians are trying to pretend they didn't steal two years of your lives. Don't give these criminals an inch. All they care about is staying in power.
BREAKING REPORT: Alberta Canada Premier ENDS COVID VACCINE PASSPORT SYSTEM – Effective Tonight at Midnight...
COVID-19 was circulating in the United States by December 2019. I'm fairly certain I had it the first week of January 2020. I wasn't patient zero. Acknowledging this fact is helpful for understanding how absolutely ridiculous the government response was in March of 2020.
COVID rules can never be considered fully "dropped" until all the rules that discriminate against the unvaccinated are permanently abolished.
30,000 aged care residents and staff have contracted covid in the last three months. Close to 600 died. And parliament sat til 5am playing 3D chess with Morrison's favourite, divisive distraction: kicking trans children around as political football. The shame of it.
What is your theory about why they are suddenly and simultaneously loosening up vax mandates and Covid regulations?
Still haven't received my free COVID testing kits, and I ordered them on the very first day they were available. Have you?
Whoever originally said "Covid-19 is a hoax" should be banned from public office permanently. Agreed?
We all make mistakes.. but we move on.. all journalist do but. I am def not perfect but we gotta change up the game. Write stories about mental health.. COVID… film makers who are changing up the game of OTT. Maybe some Turkish  (jk that one is for me) kids wanna read this!
Smile.. laugh.. be happy. Hug your parents.. post COVID and stay healthy. That's the way of life.
There is a word for people who don't want to self-isolate when they contract Covid-19. That word is bastards.
JUST IN - Netherlands: Cabinet considers scrapping most Covid restrictions, including vaccine passports, by the end of the month (NOS)
Step #1 is to terminate every single COVID-related mandate as quickly as possible. Step #2 is to pass legislation to make every single COVID related mandate illegal so that this will never, ever, happen again.
Saskatchewan in Canada has announced they will be REMOVING the use of covid passports next week and ending mask mandates at the end of this month. Looks like they are listening to the truckers.
Do you remember the Japanese soldier who refused to surrender until 1974 because he did not believe that WWII had ended? @justintrudeau and other COVID addicts are cut of the same cloth.  A refusal to move on. An orgiastic need to maintain the authoritarian status quo.
FLASH: Muhyiddin tests positive for Covid-19
The cancel campaign against Joe Rogan isn't about "COVID misinformation." Never has been. Rogan gets 11 million listeners an episode. CNN/MSNBC are lucky to pull 500,000-1 million viewers in an evening broadcast. This is the real reason they want to take out Joe Rogan.
PM announces all Covid restrictions to end "a full month early" later this month. #PMQs
Was just in the Dollar store with my N99 on. 10-15 others in there, all unmasked except for the elderly woman down the aisle. She was masked & genuinely looked frightened. Vulnerable people like her are being left behind by this cruel push to normalize COVID-19. It angers me. 
Sitting in the exam room waiting on my cardiologist after CT scan to check my enlarged ascending aorta which was 4.5 cm one year ago, likely due to vascular damage from COVID-19 in early 2020. Hoping he gives me good/not bad news. #LongCovid
Pls give extra attempt in upsc for CMS and CSE examination ....Many students who don't appear in UPSC due to Covid. Pls listen. #UPSCExtraAttempt
Covid cases may yet rise, it will be chaos. Politicians have lost public support for restrictions. Scientists have failed to show which restrictions slow spread and when.  Policy makers have failed to articulate the goal, given breakthrough inevitable.
If you can't kill them with COVID, give them crack pipes….
So, we get four free Covid rapid tests per household from the government and that's it? It's not a monthly thing?
Can we all acknowledge that the plexiglass dividers everyone put up for COVID really don't do anything?
The COVID authoritarians should not be forgiven. They should be prosecuted, instead.
They lied about "two weeks to flatten the curve", they lied about vaccines being the way out of restrictions, they lied about effectiveness & safety, they lied about "dying with or from Covid" and they're lying about "violent extremist protests". All they do is lie.
Do you think Covid keeps saying Johnson is finished as much as Johnson says Covid is? #JohnsonOut17
Labor unions, including teachers union, ILLEGALLY obtained $37 Million in covid funds.
The cruelty and inhumanity displayed by certain human beings under the guise of 'Covid-19' is a far greater concern than any virus.
First Modi blamed poor Dr Harshvardhan for Covid mishandling & sacked him. Now he blames the congress. The buck never stops with Modi who actually took all the disastrous decisions
VU slander is now allowed in this house. If you're going to criticize and blame VU without proof that you do more than admin, please block me now. Admin was literally fighting COVID when CT was released and still did her best for a week straight mass funding and buying.
Bernd Leno misses tonight's game after receiving a positive COVID-19 result. #afc
Let's normalize taking responsibility for our own health. I've lost 40 lbs, gained muscle, and lift heavy in the gym every week. Many co-morbidities that worsen covid outcomes are connected to excess weight. The CDC can't help Americans with that. Eat less, workout more!
Prince Charles and Keir Starmer will meet in the final of "Who can get covid the most times", live on ITV this weekend....
i usually don't have takes on drama, but it's so funny that people are mad at two individual people meeting up during covid, when the fucking olympics are going on at the same time (with 2,874 participating athletes and then in addition all the coaches, staff etc. lmaoo)
Not a surprise, but Nikita Kucherov is officially back in the lineup tonight as #GoBolts face the Avalanche in Colorado. He missed the final three games before the All Star Game due to COVID protocols
I am close to tears reading about the proposed shut down of covid test availability, reporting of statistics, and surveillance (ONS) in the pursuance of the illusion that the pandemic is over. U.K. residents are being thrown to the dogs.
Listening to the Ottawa truckers on @Zello. They're claiming that COVID cured AIDS and heart attacks since "nobody's dying from those anymore." #FreedomConvoy2022
Dear MSM, Eventually the Covid crimes you've helped cover up and enable will come to light. You will be held just as responsible as the politicians and health care workers. We will demand it
And thats the end of QP for the day. Huge loss for the NDP today on the housing file, and on the recognition of covid-19 as an airborne virus.
1/2: Today is Opposition Day in the House of Commons. Conservatives have tabled the following motion for debate: That, given that provinces are lifting COVID-19 restrictions and that Dr. Theresa Tam has said that all existing public health measures need to be "re-evaluated"...
Had Covid. Praise God it only brought symptoms for a few hours. Tiny dry cough, a tiny bit of lightheadedness for roughly a day. Then gone. Kept working out at home, kept running, didn't change a thing. Not suggesting people don't get medical care. But I didn't miss a beat.
Imagine going outside! if you dont have a heart attack whilst walking to the shop,chances are you'll catch Covid in the biscuit aisle,if that doesnt kill you, you probably got HIV from walking past the sex shop,and if all that fails you'll get dehydration from global warming!
COVID is the new seasonal cold for our kids. The one that causes brain damage
Prince Charles. Triple jabbed. COVID positive. For the second time. Get well soon.
Me, during the last Covid quarantine #gaytoday #classicfilm #bettedavis
Doug Ford is Ontario's chief butcher! He's not done throwing us under the bus with COVID, he's also stopping our food and medicine supplies. Only an evil being does such thing If you vote for him you're not a human being at all, you'll live in agony! #VoteFordOut2022
Today's task. I am going for a walk. Come on Covid 19 recovery - let's do this
looking into travel nurse agencies/hospital finances and covid-19 budgets, if you have any tips feel free to send me a note through my secure signal -- 5044081346
What happens if proof of vaccine is eliminated federally? People from all over the globe can come to our country without showing proof of vaccine. Isn't that how COVID got started? @PremierScottMoe you agree?
its been two of our precious years waiting to enter the collage for resuming the online studies. most of us are facing many social,mental and economical problems due to the ongoing covid travel restrictions imposed by china. we need justice . #TakeIndianStudentsBackToChina
Who had "Canadian truckers liberate Blue States" on their covid bingo cards?
School children are feeling the brunt of progressive's failed COVID policies.
Jack has covid, Get better soon Jack
Something has to come after Covid, and fast, or the world will realize that the monetary system has failed. #Bitcoin
If the Bengals win, covid will end soon. If Rams win, 6 more weeks of winter. #Bengals
#C4News Has Cressida Dick lost the 300 pics of Johnson breaking covid rules in Downing Street yet?
Earnest question: How useful/effective are petitions when it comes to covid related legislation? Is campaigning to call senators and gathering signatures even worth it or is this something I and other chronically ill people sort of at the mercy of the government alone with
Who knew that the cure for COVID all along was politicians being worried about the midterms?
Are we wishing each other a mild covid?
in my mind (not proven) bob saget's brain bleed and his recent bout of covid are linked. we know covid can lead to hemorrhaging and other strokes.
ever think about life before covid and get sad? yeah me too
How much more smoothly would COVID have been handled if our egos weren't so invested in politics and being on the winning team?  What does being right mean to you?
I got my covid tests!  #ThankYouJoe
Do you know why the government doesn't want you to travel? It's not COVID-19. It's the portal!
Cresida Dick resigned ...she knows they are investigating the covid crimes.
If the "experts" can admit that the science regarding covid evolves....why won't they admit that the science regarding the safety of the vaccines can also evolve?
Murder and Mayhem: Hospitals Now Killing More People Than Covid
i keep convincing myself i have covid bc im hot and sweaty. no bitch its just 80 degrees in february
Wondering when we will move to monthly or annual death numbers for COVID. Next step in normalizing #LivingAndDyingWithCOVID
My enemies are after me. Please send me the latest statistics for the temporary COVID-19 unemployment benefits programs in DOM, GND, SKB, SLU and SVD.
So my whole family is in isolation coz they all got covid. BUT I may have a new job by the end of next week! Which means more going out and dancing instead of eating
Study Backs Safety Of Pfizer's Covid Shot Among Infants Exposed During Pregnancy - Forbes
UK is not requiring a pre flight  covid test why is the US still requiring it?
How many Covid-19 cases do we have now??
In the evolution if science on Covid the CDC announced that henceforth social distancing will be 1.84 meters.  The magnitude of this change should not be underestimated.   Behave accordingly.
What I don't understand is the usual annual flu deaths are 30k there has been zero flu or has there ….therefore at least 60k of the Covid deaths could be flu ???
If someone says to a vaccinated person who gets COVID “great now you have Super immunity" but doesn't tell unvaccinated people who had COVID to get vaccinated, they are anti-vaccine.
Covid exposed how little doctors and scientists know. They're just glorified Big Pharma shilling, indoctrinated order followers.
Yeah, paging New York and Miami barbers, pls move to Seattle. THIS MAN SAID YEAH WE CANT DO BEARS OR EYEBROWS BC OF COVID, LMAO WHAT!? THEN WTF IS THE POINT OF THE HAIRCUT!?
I got tested for the first time for covid yesterday and it was negative lol smoke weed kids
Brick for covid lad
Oh boy, cancelling the COVID Infection Survey is such a bad idea.
William Hall:"Today is February 10th, 2022 and I'd rather get COVID than Myocarditis."
Every state is trending down from COVID including every county within KS. With 94% of Americans having immunity (vaccine acquired or naturally acquired), it's time to stop the mandates and move forward.
i love covid (got to stay home from class after having coffee with a prof who tested posi)
Hi @lufthansa do you require a covid-19 test to be taken before domestic flights in Germany (Frankfurt, Dresden and Munich)?
Most employees of Wal-Mart have already contracted COVID-19 and yet they still make their employees wear mask that do nothing !!
to people complaining about salah not starting just remember he has only missed 3 games this season and they were due to covid if im not mistaken, plus most of his AFCON games went to extra time. he deserves the rest because we have UCL next week
Great meeting today with @ASteiner to talk about strengthening the positive results of U.S.-UNDP cooperation in areas of good governance and in crisis & conflict situations and Post-COVID recovery. @UNDP
I'm so motivated to participate in Access Bank Lagos City 2022, seeing the stringent Covid 19 measures they have put in place and the exciting cash prizes to be won. I have dusted my running shoes, we run!. #RunForMore
Prince Charles has tested positive for Covid and is currently in isolation. We sincerely hope that he recovers, mainly because he once threatened to be reincarnated as a box of tampons. #PrinceCharles #COVID19
I'll be happy when all the Covid Grifters have gone back to their day jobs.
My dad went to the doctor yesterday: they were short staffed because they had to fire all the employees who refused to get vaxxed, and all the current employees were "out with Covid" #trustthescience
Who wants to bet that by the Summer, you will need to be thrice-jabbed for Covid, plus HIV before you are allowed to travel? It will remain that you need none of them if you have managed to avoid them all so far.